{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs30 \cf0 UI Engineering Puzzle\
Part I: Write a function (either PHP or JS) to lay out a series of events on the calendar for a single day.\
\'a0\
Events will be placed on a canvas. \'a0The top of the canvas represents 9am and the bottom represents 9pm. The width of the canvas will be 620px (10px padding on either side) and the height will be 720px (1 pixel for every minute between 9am and 9pm). The objects should be laid out so that they do not visually overlap on the canvas. If there is only one event at a given time slot, its width should be 600px.\
\'a0\
There are 2 major constraints:\
-Every colliding event must be the same width as every other event that it collides width.\
-An event should use the maximum width possible while still adhering to the first constraint.\
\'a0\
See calendar1.png for an example.\
\'a0\
The input to the function will be an array of event objects with the start and end times of the event. Example (JS): \
[\
\{id : 1, start : 60, end : 120\}, \'a0// an event from 10am to 11am \{id : 2, start : 100, end : 240\}, // an event from 10:40am to 1pm \{id : 3, start : 700, end : 720\} // an event from 8:40pm to 9pm ]\
\'a0\
The function should return an array of event objects that have the left and top positions set (relative to the top left of the canvas), in addition to the id, start, and end time.\
\'a0\
/**\
Lays out events for a single \'a0day\
\'a0\
@param array \'a0events \'a0\'a0\
\'a0An array of event objects. Each event object consists of a start time, end\
\'a0Time (measured in minutes) from 9am, as well as a unique id. The\
\'a0Start and end time of each event will be [0, 720]. The start time will\
\'a0Be less than the end time. \'a0The array is not sorted.\
\'a0\
\'a0@return array\
\'a0An array of event objects that has the width, the left and top positions set,\
\'a0In addition to start time, end time, and id. \'a0\
\'a0\
**/\
\'a0\
Function \'a0layOutDay(events) \{\
\'a0\
\}\
\'a0\
Part II: Use your function from Part I to create a web page that is styled just like the example image \'a0calendar2.png with the following calendar events:\
\'a0\
An event that starts at 9:30am and ends at 11:30am\
An event that starts at 6:00pm and ends at 7:00pm\
An event that starts at 6:20pm and ends at 7:20pm\
An event that starts at 7:10pm pm and ends at 8:10pm\
\'a0}